OK. I am going to be using the ESRI tiles (specifically the satellite option). I will be using tile billing. Please can you give me a summary of the costing and positives and negatives of using ESRI. Then, Can you give me a step by step process for Setting up the ESRI tiles. I will then complete them step by step (including what accounts and keys I will require). Please include security measures so no one can use my key and run up costs. Please also include security measures so that the system will create a warning when tile limits are close to being reached and a hard stop of new tiles being loaded before limits are reached (have a flag that is set and needs to be manually removed on a dedicated admin page or will get reset on the new billing cycle). Please also include security measures if a single user uses more than 5000 tiles so they can no longer load more tiles for half an hour unless a flag is reset on the admin page. Previously you mentioned effective ways to minimise tile usage, please can you include implementing those in your plan. Please include checks to make sure that each step has been completed correctly.Please inform me what will be changing in the map.js And other files. 

Question about the billing of the ESRI basemaps. Previously you mentioned that once a tile is loaded it is held in memory and you are not charged again for it. How long it is held in memory for and if you leave the page and come back on to it as the same user or same device, is that tile held? And so if you zoom in and then zoom out again and then zoom in again to the same level. Do all those tiles hold in memory and for how long? 

Before we move on to step 8. We need to create a user and admin privileges and user and admin logins. For this I'd like to create a home page for the website. Update the home page so it's a landing page so instead of going to app.kooksnylive Or dev.kooksnylive. There'll be an option to login or sign up. Login will just allow you to enter your credentials (username or email and password). Sign up will take you to the sign up page where you put in your name, Surname, username, Email address, Password and Re-enter password (need to have a check to confirm passwords match - passwords must be 6 characters or more and contain a number or special char). When they sign up it sends them an email and we have verification of the email address, have a button back to login page. Once email is varified they can log in (if login in denied, have pop up stating username/email or password is incorrect or email verification required or sign up if not done). Also on the landing page we need to put in forget password where it sends their password to their email address. Users can be admin or it can be just a straight user. User doesn't get to choose that. That's something that I can do. So I would be an admin user. So that needs to be a category for users (admin or otherwise). Please can you write me a step by step implementation of of this, similar to to what was done with the Esri implementation. Including files likely to change.

We are going to use three categories of users now. The lowest category are viewers and they can only view the races. Viewers do not need to log in. The second category are riders. Riders must log in. Riders will have more priveledges, such as creating and updating rider profiles. The final category is admin users. These users have no restrictions. Only admin users can create other admin users. So we need to update the landing page to have an option to just be a viewer, this will allow you to go to enter the website without having to login (but you will have very few priviledges) 


Yo, Spencer. Cool. So I have been chatting to some people (mainly my dad and Liz) and I'm happy with Nat Glass having access to the IP and being able to do what they will with it (use/sell/redistribute). But I do have two of my own conditions that I think are pretty fair and I'll explain to you why I have them. 
So the 1st condition is that while Nat Glass (and whatever companies you have) can use the IP, and whatever we build, we should have a clause that this is only as long as you're not using it in a company, or selling it to a company that will directly compete with our company. That's just to provide security for a scenario where we finish developing the app and then, and maybe this is not you but someone in Nat Glass or the Board of Directors there, decides "now we're tired of this project and they just sell the software to someone like the KTM or another tracking company as a stand alone package and it competes directly with our business. Or alternatively you decide, or Nat Glass decides, "this is actually a great idea", and just starts your own business that directly competes with our business and, as you have obviously got more resources, that business can then basically sink our business. So it's just to stop that eventuality, not that I think it'll happen, but it is just something that is possible and I think we should cater for that. 
And then the second clause that I'd like is that if the business we created does not generate revenue and cannot pay like my salary etc. for lets say a year, (or some timeframe we are happy with, then I have the right to take the IP use it in my own business going forward or sell it myself. This is to stop a senario where we get to the end of the project and now Nat Glass has what they want with your module and you just decide, "OK cool, we're pulling all funding on this business before we even go to market". Because you have all the control, and decision making power of the business side of things, you could hinder our business from moving forward because you don't really need it anymore. In that scenario I'm left with no IP and a restraint on trade. And again, I don't think that thiw will happen or that is your intention, but this is just to protect me (as that is why we have these agreements). I think these are pretty fair terms, just an added little protection for me. So let me know what you think (we can have a call to discuss).
At the end of the day, I don't want to compete with or a peice of your big big boy project. That's not my goal. It's never been the goal and just we need to be honest with each other. My goal is to develop this tracker, prove that it works, and then go and develop more cool shit. Essentially let's develop more tech that does cool shit. Lets use the money from this business to start another business. Maybe the next one is drones, or you know, something like cameras or something cool like, I don't know. But lets make more this because I enjoy doing this. I enjoy developing the products. So my goal is to create a business that works and then use that as like a platform to create more products and businesses that work. So ya, that's kind of what I'm thinking. Let me know what you think. I think we should have a call to just discuss it and then I can put it in the contract. But ya, let me know. 

